fmg Slayer hey you know Clara like Sam
hey Slayer uh-huh Slayer wife huh why
Horace fun game before I rip your tongue
out Slayer why isn't he talking Jonathan
or told you Slayer put your mic in its
freaking search you don't have to feel
alive again your use it Slayer Slayer
why didn't you have your mic in that
round how does it stand for Calypso
pre-shot because if it does you got it
wrong it would be it should be CP if if
that's what you're intending is that
what you were a fucking super shut the
fuck off your damn annoying or intending
try to be oh well I'm intending is that
your fucking stupid GG stands for
Callisto gaming you put the lasagna
later Jane you put the next part no you
fucking it done that's why do you look
different shoppings I can go as I can go
with my fact my fact is that you're
fucking with Jupiter's you don't know
what you're talking about social
supposed to be peppy but yes you just
told me that the second part which what
you put there and this is no I just best
bridge the second part and you want to
be good free shot you want to play with
a gene you're fucking your free shots I
immigrant like you were you were close
but you are you are you are your did you
get attracted today Jan yarder oh oh no
Slayer what are you doing you put a
claim were there every round and it
never get to kill actually I gotta kill
last round dumbass do you need to you I
think you need to learn along yes his
ready room dumbass why weren't you
talking that one round you were the only
one alive when you weren't talking it's
not very strategic of you
Oh see you didn't kill the guy and I got
see Ford oh I'm compare what so this
looking for good but banks one more fact
is the fact is Levi bridges on the radio
how the factors that you just don't know
how to spell your stupid pre-shot does
not start with a G that's that's how you
spell pre-shot wealthy G stands for clip
dog Amy you put colon pills and we saw
light of dawn after your son computed
appreciate if you want me to fucking
finish what I'm trying to tell you fat
pizza immigrant shit then shut the fuck
up I'm trying you're not letting me you
keep interrupting is this where I
relationships headed who cuz I like it
can talking when I met you you know
Lucas lobby a whole lot but if you just
look the fuck off what did he would ever
deserve this oh I'm just kidding it
stands for a klepto pre-shot hey have
you ever met Tobuscus ninja ninja what
you ever met Tobuscus who Tobuscus no
are you sure why do fuck you Tobuscus
yeah I've no ma'am did you know who he
is though no oh my gosh you should be
arrested I'm gonna shoot your kneecaps
until somebody arrests you didn't care
love now shut the fuck up and just play
and keep on going negative I'm not you
can't go negative in a game unless you
get a negative kill oh you can't do that
yeah believin together always fucking
too yeah oh and two is just like point
zero two it's not point negative 2 so
you can't go negative which it doesn't I
could do unless you go with your
instincts I could oh look at you you're
freaking stupid you can use full
tactical right
I tell you're supposed to spell tactical
look it up in the dictionary or nvidia
whichever you prefer oh really this are
fuckin stupid for the Bible oh you're
not gonna get any kills cookie coud hey
I love evil 16 am fighting me look at
him I'm sick of fighting for the kids I
can't even shit even be able to bond
with him look at his name we have to get
our mom about his name is haha I
actually go I actually got fucking
argued you guys name it you guys name
him to the kill will you ever shut the
fuck up behind you name him cookie party
could your name is enjoy did you did you
intentionally misspelled practical do
you do yes I did by the way nobody says
tactic al show I'm running out of ammo
just so you know i only have like 120
shots left 110 140 yeah 67 83 40 to 60
yeah 84 I'm gaining and losing shots I
keep picking up garbage bags if that's
what you get information you guys to be
0.2 is still positive number okay it was
like you were you in grade 7 by brain
okay the video well I'm pretty sure my
logic makes more sense than yours the
mathematics well fuck 0.2 wow 0 boy we
definitely know 0.2 is not negative
that's that's what I'd like it's just
simple facts I'm sorry inhales so that's
what you do when you got no one to play
with because normally I I never have
anybody to play with I I don't have any
friends so I do this like most of most
of the time well as women yeah you wanna
know for yourself now I'm not here by
myself I'm with you guys yay Oh with who
oh the comfort of grenades they're
throwing them
and they're throwing their screaming
we've had enough oh you're one of those
fucking decays as a whole fucking
affected now why possible you must be
one of these girls I'm coffee you think
you have mercy encantas good one of the
two plays oh you Radhika no stupid DK a
burger king you know I said DK you know
like dirty kid like dirty king cuz
that's even better than burger name I've
lost 605 with that time buddy I'm left
you want to come and follow me woman
dead I just checked you didn't need
Sammy I got this trust me the amount
topping off 605 and you've lost 515 holy
crap dude i right 669 oh yes you've got
you've lost more times than I have I
remember that one that's right now
impressing yeah I've 14 times more than
you know okay what can you do my kill
death is higher than yours deficits okay
actually it's not because if you think
that your KD which is a 1.49 in higher
than 1.6 11 is it's clearly higher than
yours yeah if you we're not diffusing no
no so if i defuse it then don't do it I
got a predator and everything out okay
good me too
oh crap wait what you wanted me to not
diffuse it motherfucking down this
ballgame you did oh no just saying more
people that all you died again oh I
cannot kill who's negative now that's
right